---
layout: default
modal-id: 4
date: 2026-3-24
title: Front-end Development
img: front-end-icon.png
alt: Front-end Development
icon: code
project-date: 
client: 
skills: Javascript, ReactJS, NextJS, VueJS, Bootstrap, Foundation, Tailwind CSS, Twig, Composer, Grunt, RollupJS, Webpack, NightwatchJS, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, NPM, WCAG 2.1, Canto
description: 

---
## University Corporation for Atmospheric Research
### Team Lead/Software Engineer III

* Developed and maintain a Bootstrap and a Foundation based custom Drupal themes based on design prototypes provided by third-party vendors.
* Created and manage an automated development workflow using functional and visual-regression testing using NightwatchJS to verify changes on development and test environments before manually pushing changes to a production environment.

## National Center for Atmospheric Research
### Software Engineer III

* Implemented a new responsive design available as an NPM package to all downstream websites and applications with a 94% or higher accessibility score on Google Lighthouse with a minimum of A WCAG 2.0 compliance.
* Refactored a responsive front-end base theme applicable to multiple applications that utilizes Foundation, reduced package manager complexity, and cleaned template and SASS redundancy.
* Implemented a complete redesign of three umbrella websites as part of a development team from initial content structure and design concepts to the development design phase and implementation.
* Improved web accessibility from an average score of 68% on Google Lighthouse to over 90% on the new responsive umbrella websites.
* Supported HPCTV, a Vue.js application reporting data on NCAR’s supercomputer Cheyenne.
* Implemented BackstopJS to reduce errors through visual regression testing.
* Developed a static website friendsofthenationalcenter.org using Bootstrap.

### Web Developer II/Graphic Designer

* Working with staff to restructure group content with a focus on user experience.
* Designed a sub-theme improving usability using analytics and user tests.
* Maintaining current theme.
* Built a blog and documentation website on Github pages.
* Built a custom MailChimp template.
* Updated content, refactored XML code and file structure for a touchscreen kiosk.

## Harvard Magazine
### Associate Web Developer

* Redesigned article pages to create a better reading experience by focusing on the text and images.
* Created a custom landing page theme that can be used to promote special events.
* Created a custom module to help allow the magazine to customize content based upon a custom taxonomy.
* Custom-built floating and pushdown ads that utilize a cookie to only display the ads during scheduled intervals to users.
* Added a custom classifieds blog within the site.
* Designed a cleaner navigation focusing on usability and functionality.
* Completely rebuilt Harvard Magazine's donor section from the ground up.
* Added features, including an interactive chart and a landing page dedicated to current and potential donors.
* Built several custom-themed email templates in MailChimp for the over 200,000 email recipients.