---
layout: default
modal-id: 3
date: 2026-3-24
title: Back-end Development
img: back-end-icon.png
alt: Back-end Development
icon: database
project-date: 
client: 
skills: PHP, Symfony, Composer, MySQL, Nginx, Apache, JSON, XML, PHPUnit, Codeception, SimpleSAML, OOP, Drush, Terminus, Copilot
description: 

---

## University Corporation for Atmospheric Research
### Team Lead/Software Engineer III
* Managing cross-functional communication and stakeholder engagement, fostering collaboration across departments, external vendors, and hosting platforms to centralize data and create governance for 539 web properties via a NextJS application with a Drupal backend.
* Actively maintain, update and extend two custom Drupal 10 profiles used by cross-organizational stakeholders, often with competing business needs and technical requirements while leveraging AI‑assisted tools to streamline code generation and enhance overall delivery productivity.
* Continuously evaluate development workflows to identify automation opportunities, including visual regression testing, unit testing, automated package management, and application deployment processes to reduce manual effort, accelerate release cycles, and improve reliability.
* Work with the NCAR Library to support and maintain a custom OpenSky module to display scientific publications across organizational Drupal sites. Responsible for maintaining 6 custom Wordpress project based sites.
* Architected shared configuration changes in custom Drupal profiles to streamline development for downstream engineers and standardize the user experience.
* Implemented automated code standards checking to ensure consistency across Drupal projects, reducing development time and identifying bugs before launch.

## Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
### Software Engineer

* Migrated a site from Drupal 7 to 9 using the Migration API and custom plugins.
* Technical lead managing an upstream for 6 Learning Management System websites using the Opigno LMS.

## National Center for Atmospheric Research
### Software Engineer III

* Migrated all custom Drupal 8 tests from Codeception to PHPUnit.
* Developed and manage a custom Drupal 8 Composer upstream and custom Drupal 7 upstream on Pantheon.
* Manage CircleCI configuration to automate the publication of our custom Drupal distributions.
* Created and maintain custom Drupal modules for daily email campaigns, content migration, custom theming, and a public alert system.
* Consistently look for areas of automation and development improvements.
* Moved sites from in-house hosting to Pantheon and AWS.
* Performing security updates on multiple Drupal websites.

### Web Developer II/Graphic Designer

* Built a module leveraging an API to create automated organizational charts using OOP.
* Added additional security measures to a custom authentication module.
* Built a module to create an additional role and assign authenticated users the role to be used on the ucar.edu and president.ucar.edu Drupal sites.
* Organized and led a group to restructure CISL’s website sitemap.
* Updated content, cleaned up code and file structure on a kiosk.
* Migrate remaining Drupal 6 sites to Drupal 7 using the migrate module.
* Built a blog and documentation website on Gitpages.
* Performing security updates on multiple Drupal websites.

## Harvard Magazine
### Associate Web Developer

* Completely rebuilt Harvard Magazine's classifieds section and their classifieds purchase form with Ubercart.
* Restructured how classified ads are stored in the database and displayed to the user.
* Maintained custom .bash script that created daily back-ups of databases.